{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 What is the purpose of the app?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 The app is designed to allow the user to perform a virtual version of a sacred moon ritual. The \'91real life\'92 ritual involves noting down your hopes and dreams on a piece of paper at the time of a new moon, and the baggage in your life that you need to let go of at the time of a full moon, and burning the piece of paper to set your intentions or release things that no longer serve you. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 What is the purpose of the testing process?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 There are two main reasons for testing the app at this stage. The first is to ensure that it works as intended on a variety of different iPhone models, and that there are no bugs or unexpected behaviours. The second is to gather ideas on how the app should be presented (the \'91look and feel\'92 of the app) and about any features, conveniences or settings that should be added. I am looking for general feedback in both of these areas, but I do also have a few specific questions I would like testers to think about (see below).\
\
The app is currently a working prototype/proof of concept - the core idea has been implemented, but it has absolutely no aesthetic values whatsoever. This is very deliberate, as I wanted to make sure that I could actually create something that works before thinking about how to present it, and I want to seek feedback on the basic idea before putting any effort into presentation. Adding additional features to the design or any major change of approach could influence aesthetic choices later on, so I decided it would be best to test the basic idea and core technical design first. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 How should the app work?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Upon starting the app, you will see a list of \'91moon dates\'92, when a new moon or full moon will occur. Selecting any of these dates will take you to a journal entry associated with that date. Each journal entry includes un-editable blue text to prompt you to write an entry appropriate for either the full or new moon. There is a \'91Set Intention\'92 or \'91Release\'92 button (for new and full moons respectively) at the top right of each journal entry. This button may or may not be selectable, depending on the situation.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 If the moon date has not yet passed, you should be able to enter text into the journal entry. The Set Intention/Release button should NOT be selectable yet.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 A specific amount of time before each moon date (currently set at 3 days) you should receive a notification that a new or full moon will be occuring and when. At this time, the moon date on the \'91calendar\'92 tab should turn blue to highlight that the new or full moon is imminent. You can continue to edit the journal text and the Set Intention/Release button should remain non-selectable.\
{\listtext	\'95	}If you receive the notification while you are not using the app, you should be able to select the notification to open the app and be taken to the appropriate moon date. If you access the notification from the phone\'92s lock screen, you might either have to touch the notification or slide it to the right to open the app, depending on your model of phone and which version of iOS you have.\
{\listtext	\'95	}When the new or full moon occurs, the moon date on the calendar tab should turn orange. You should also receive another alert to tell you that the moon date has occurred (and should again be able to access the app via the notification). The Set Intention/Release button should now be selectable. It is now time to perform the ritual by pressing the button. You have four days to do so (this amount of time is easy to change), although it is recommended that you do so within three days to capture the peak energy of the new/full moon.\
{\listtext	\'95	}When you press the button, you should see an alert box with an OK button, telling you that the ritual has been completed. Your journal text should disappear, to be replaced by some greyed out text indicating that the ritual has been completed (you should no longer be able to edit the journal text). The Set Intention/Release button should become unselectable.  I intend to replace the alert box with some sort of animation or video of the ritual being performed (a piece of paper being thrown into a fire or something), but I\'92m not sure how to approach this yet.\
{\listtext	\'95	}If you fail to perform the ritual after four days, your journal text should remain but the journal entry should become uneditable and greyed out.\
{\listtext	\'95	}If you fail to enter any journal text at all for a given moon date, once the moon date has passed and the time to perform the ritual has run out, the text for that journal entry should change to indicate that the journal text is locked and direct you to a currently open journal entry.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Questions for testers - basic functionality
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Does the app work as intended? It would be really helpful if you could test all of the intended behaviours, e.g. by using the app correctly on some occasions, \'91forgetting\'92 to release your journal entry on other occasions, checking that journal text can only be edited at the appropriate time etc.\
{\listtext	\'95	}If you notice any unintended behaviour or bugs, it would be useful to know what action you were performing at the time (if any) and whether the issue is repeatable.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Questions for testers - improvements and enhancements\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 Adding or changing any features or behaviours represents a certain amount of work (often a very significant amount even for seemingly minor changes or features), so I am really looking for some feedback on some specific possibilities to determine whether they are worth implementing.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Should there be a user setting to determine the amount of time before a moon date occurs that you receive a notification?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Should a \'91notification badge\'92 appear on the app icon after the advance notification of a moon date has been received, to provide a reminder that a moon date is imminent? Perhaps there should be a user setting to allow or disallow these?\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Should there be a user setting to allow journal entries to be kept (but be un-editable) after the ritual has been completed? I\'92m not sure about this one, as it wouldn\'92t really be in the spirit of the ritual, but I would like some feedback.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Would presenting the moon dates on a proper calendar represent a significant enhancement to the app? This would be a lot of work and probably quite difficult to do, so would need to be a significant improvement to justify the effort.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Are there any features or behaviours I haven\'92t mentioned that you think would improve the app?\
\ls4\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 I would welcome any thoughts about how to present the app, e.g. colours and style, or user interface improvements. }